what happens when you try and photocopy
money it literally just says the
original cannot be copied what so what
if we take out the doll note and instead
try and photocopy a British pound notes
so it says Printing and then just goes
straight to cancelling okay so just to
make sure the photocopier is working
let's see what happens when I put
Monopoly money in there copy no way that
worked completely fine what is going on
here well hidden on this pound note is
actually a very specific pattern known
as the urian constellation because of
its similarity to the Orion Star
constellation you wouldn't particularly
notice it on first glance with
everything else that's going on with the
design but it's this pattern that every
single scanner is designed to recognize
to specifically stop you from copying
money and it's not just the British
pound if you look really carefully you
can see the same thing in the Euro it's
in the dollar but masked even further by
using the value of the notes to create
that pattern and then the Japanese yen
is absolutely crazy these guys actually
hide the pattern within flowers on the
Note